So, my job as an EMC, Electrician's Mate is to fix pumps, to do preventive
maintenance, to work on voltage regulators, to have lots of training
as well. But the Navy also provides you with releases from your
job. If you do the same job the whole entire time, you might get kind
of frustrated, so I actually worked in the supply department which
is where, for instance, there is the veins in the ship and there's
like painting that needs to be done, there's lots of cleaning that
has to be done. Some people work in the tech pubs library, which means
that there's books for everybody on the ship that has to do their
job. So you can work there for a while. So, basically for about six
months to a year, you work in your main job and then they kind of
give you a break even though you're on the same ship and then you have
that cycle. So, you're always doing something different.